https://codepen.io/Christian-Corby/pen/qBdOERz?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Descriptive information about each element.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	The newspaper part of a website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	They provide additional information about an element.
	we put it in between two tags.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	Heading 1, Typically once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	img, id
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
	 between the HTML and body tags
    7. What is an id? 
	an id identifies one element in your code
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	any unique value within the document
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
	You can assign it to one value, but call it as many times as you want. 
    10. What is a class? 
	an ID for a group of values.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
	 any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	as many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	target ="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	screen reader text used in place of an image
    15. How do I reference an id?
	by the ID name, not the value
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	section refers to a specific section of code such as a header.
	Div can represent any section of code that you select.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	Making your HTML look nice
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2{
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	ID identifies one item, while class identifies a set of items.
	<div id="randomid">
	<p class="afewelements">This is the first part of the class;</p>
	<p class="afewelements">This is the second part</p>
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.afewelements
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p [class = "human"]{
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified parent.
	Coding a car buying website, search in trucks, that are red.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div [class = sidebar]{
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	a selector used to define the special state of an element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	the line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	uppercase,lowercase,capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div {
	border:1px dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
	* 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* like this */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
	 pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
	 rm
    34. Why should I use version control?
	better access than front end GUI 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	Whenever a significant change is made (frequently)
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
	 push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Fork your assignment
	Add TL as collaborator
	Clone the repo
	Branch First-Last
	Submit PR Part A
	Submit PR Part B
	Wait for your TL to review the code
	
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	Block elements force a new line to occur while inline's do not
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	The other elements ignore the position of this element.
	element is positioned to it's nearest ancestor.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	?
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
	It looks pretty similar to the standard layout of microsoft word to me.
	Margin, Border, Padding, Content. one inside the other
	Box-sizing, basically assigning a size to every element so that it can properly function with your intention and layout.
	