 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML is markup that gives meaning to HTML with specific tags. It allows you to organize 
HTML into something that makes sense.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used to markup content to provide meaning and consitency on the web.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is additional information about a tag that can be added to an HTML element

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 is used for a title- heading 1. It should only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.
    img tag requires a src attribute & a tag requires an href attribute 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    the title tag. it is required and defines the title of the document which is important for
    search enginge optimzation. 

    7. What is an id? 
    an id is a selector for CSS. These are very specific and can only be used once. 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    HTML elements

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once

    10. What is a class? 
    A class is a css selector that can be used multiple times on a page. It is more specific than element selectors
    but less than id, inline and important 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Can add classes to HTML elements 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    multiple times

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    use target=""

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    to let the user know what the img is in text- accesibility purposes 

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #id 

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    sectin is used for grouped content and div doesn't have any meaning and is really used for styling purposes 

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling HTML

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    just name the element 

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class can be used on multiple elements and an id can be used only once- .classexample and #idexample you would
    use class when many things needs to be styled similarly and id when something is singular and specific 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .classexample 

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

    .human p or just .human ??

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar div

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    it is used to define a special state of an element 

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: lowercase, uppercase, capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
