https://codepen.io/jclark208/pen/abzjNRe?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
introducing meaning ino the web page with things like header footer section and h1
    2. What is HTML used for? 
used to build the base for all websites
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
it is the data needed for certain tags  such as img
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
Normally used for the main title and only used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
src and alt <a>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
<header>
    7. What is an id? 
gives unique id for an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
once 
    10. What is a class? 
defines styles for elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
every one 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
once
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
href
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
alternative text on an image
    15. How do I reference an id?
#id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
section Normally implies a grouping
    17. What is CSS used for? 
used to style the html kind of like paint on a house
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
id is one element and a class can be multiple
id for the whole section and class for different parts in a section
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
different classes inside of other classes, kinda like a nesting doll
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
special state like hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-spacing
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
you would use text-transform and then what ever one you want
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: 1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
universal selector *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls 
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm will just delete the file with no warning and it cannot be retrived
    34. Why should I use version control? 
helps you to keep what your working on straight and if there is a problem you can always roll it back
    35. How often should I commit to github?
every twenty minutes or so or after big changes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    find the repo -> fork the repo -> add collaborators -> clone the repo -> cd into the place you want the repo -> git clone -> cd into repo -> branch it ->git add -> git commit -> push it

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
inline will not start and new line block will take up the full available width and length
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
if it has no ancestor it will scroll with the page
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
max-width
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
block: address,form,li   Inline: a, img    both: nav with ul
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
